Clearly specify the `instruction_set` effects (#1307)
rust-lang/reference: src/attributes/codegen.md

## The `instruction_set` attribute

> On some CPU architectures it is possible to mix more than one instruction set into a single program.
> The `instruction_set` attribute lets you control which instruction set a particular function will be generated for.

Reviewer: Can this be kept to something closer to the original? The reference uses a specific template for the definition of an attribute. That is, the first sentence starts with:

```
The *`foo` [attribute]* <explanation of what it does, and where it can be applied>
```

perhaps something like:

```suggestion
The *`instruction_set` [attribute]* may be applied to a function to control which instruction set the function will be generated for.
This allows mixing more than one instruction set in a single program on CPU architectures that support it.
```

fn bar_thumb_code() {}
```

> If your function has neither the instruction_set attribute nor inline assembly, then the code you write within that function should not presume any particular instruction set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your function has neither the `instruction_set` attribute nor inline assembly, then the code you write within that function should not presume any particular instruction set.
```

> If your function has neither the `instruction_set` attribute nor inline assembly, then the code you write within that function should not presume any particular instruction set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your function has neither the `instruction_set` attribute nor inline assembly, and you're compiling for a target with multiple instruction sets, the code you write within that function should not presume any particular instruction set.
```

> This ends up creating a limitation to how often code is inlined:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For ARM in particular, `instruction_set` adds a limitation to where code gets inlined:
```

* If a function has an `instruction_set` attribute it won't inline into a function of another instruction set.
* If a function does not have an `instruction_set` attribute but *does* contain inline assembly, then the inline assembly is assumed to require the default instruction set of the build target, and so inlining between different instruction sets won't happen.

> * Otherwise, inlining happens normally.

Reviewer 2: This seems like it's specific to ARM and Thumb; this may not necessarily *universally* be true for all future uses of `instruction_set`.
